# AI_DataAugmentation

In the main method, the parameters you need to provide are: file_path, save_path, main_category, sub_category, num_entries, custom_requirements, required_total_rows, save_invalid_path. Too many? Don't worry, you only need to provide the file_name! `num_entries` represents the number of data entries generated by the model each time you call the API. `custom_requirements` refers to your personalized requirements, which will be passed to the model as part of the prompt. `required_total_rows` indicates the total number of data rows you need, including the amount of original data.

## Project Structure

We standardize the format of the generated data from the model in the prompt and use a class to confirm whether the generated data meets our standards. If it meets the requirements, we use it directly; if not, we save it locally and adjust the format using structured output from OPENAI, thus enhancing fault tolerance and improving efficiency.

## Project File Descriptions

1. [OutputValidator.py](https://github.com/Cui-Peng-624/AI_DataAugmentation/blob/main/OutputValidator.py) - Confirms whether the output of the gpt-4o-mini model conforms to our specified format.         
2. [create_prompts.py](https://github.com/Cui-Peng-624/AI_DataAugmentation/blob/main/create_prompts.py) - Contains various versions of system_prompt and user_prompt - currently in use.          
3. [table_structure_manager.py](https://github.com/Cui-Peng-624/AI_DataAugmentation/blob/main/table_structure_manager.py) - Contains a class `TableStructureManager` for managing table_structures.json - not used in the final version.         
4. main_i.ipynb - Increases parallelism for efficiency - some modifications have already been made in version 1014.py, so main_i.ipynb is no longer in use.         
5. main_all_i.ipynb - Append mode - the mode currently in use.

## Note:
Due to the particularity of our dataset, I added a column named “Remarks【】”. If this column does not exist in your file, the code will not run properly. You need to manually modify [整合版本1014.py](https://github.com/Cui-Peng-624/AI_DataAugmentation/blob/main/%E6%95%B4%E5%90%88%E7%89%88%E6%9C%AC1014.py).

